assess/create_collinear_flex_evaluation.mdx, before:

---
title: Creating a Collinear Flex Evaluation
description: The Collinear AI Platform allows you to effortlessly evaluate AI models with flexibility and precision. This guide walks you through the steps to create a new evaluation run using the Flex Evaluation feature.
icon: sliders
---



## 📊 What is Flex Evaluation?

Flex Evaluation lets you run create a customizable likert judge and evaluate on your judge. It's ideal for:

- Testing model accuracy across custom metrics
- Generating insights quickly without heavy setup

## 🚀 Interactive Walkthrough

Explore the embedded demo below to see Flex Evaluation in action. This interactive guide will walk you through setting up a run, choosing your data, and interpreting results.

<div style={{position: "relative", paddingBottom: "calc(56.67989417989418% + 41px)", height: 0, width: "100%"}}>
    <iframe
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/NVKzMdrRtCDD78aYwHNs?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
        title="Effortlessly Evaluate AI Models with Collinear" frameborder="0" loading="lazy" webkitallowfullscreen
        mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen allow="clipboard-write"
        style={{position: "absolute", top: 0, left: 0, width: "100%", height: "100%", colorScheme: "light"}}></iframe>
</div>


## 🧰 Key Features
- **No-code setup** for quick dataset evaluation
- **Rich visual analytics** for in-depth insights

## 📘 Additional Resources

Here is a sample dataset that you can use to test the Flex Evaluation feature: [Sample Dataset](https://collinear.ai/sample_dataset.csv).

Commit message:

Add Docs for Collinear Flex Judge with Annotations

assess/create_collinear_flex_evaluation.mdx, after:

---
title: Creating a Collinear Flex Evaluation
description: The Collinear AI Platform allows you to effortlessly evaluate AI models with flexibility and precision. This guide walks you through the steps to create a new evaluation run using the Flex Evaluation feature.
icon: sliders
---



## 📊 What is Flex Evaluation?

Flex Evaluation lets you run create a customizable likert judge and evaluate on your judge. It's ideal for:

- Testing model accuracy across custom metrics
- Generating insights quickly without heavy setup

## 🚀 Interactive Walkthrough

Explore the embedded demo below to see Flex Evaluation in action. This interactive guide will walk you through setting up a run, choosing your data, and interpreting results.

<div style={{position: "relative", paddingBottom: "calc(56.67989417989418% + 41px)", height: 0, width: "100%"}}>
    <iframe
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/NVKzMdrRtCDD78aYwHNs?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
        title="Effortlessly Evaluate AI Models with Collinear" frameborder="0" loading="lazy" webkitallowfullscreen
        mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen allow="clipboard-write"
        style={{position: "absolute", top: 0, left: 0, width: "100%", height: "100%", colorScheme: "light"}}></iframe>
</div>


## 🧰 Key Features
- **No-code setup** for quick dataset evaluation
- **Rich visual analytics** for in-depth insights

## 🛠️ How to Create a Flex Evaluation with Annotations

Follow these steps to create a new Flex Judge using annotations from an existing run:

1. **Open an Existing Run**
Start by opening a run that was created using **Collinear Flex**.

2. **Annotate the Data**
Use the **Feedback** feature to revise scores and provide annotations on specific rows.

3. **Select Rows for the New Judge**
Choose the rows you want to include in your new evaluation.

4. **Click “Create a Judge”**
Once you’ve selected the rows, click the **Create a Judge** button.


<img
    style={{borderRadius: '0.5rem'}}
    src="/images/create_collinear_flex_judge/click_create_judge.png"
/>

5. **Customize the Scoring Criteria**
A new set of scoring criteria will be generated automatically. You can tweak or regenerate these as needed.

6. **Finalize the Judge**
Click **Create Judge** again to finalize and save it. This new judge will be available for use in future runs.

## 📘 Additional Resources



Here is a sample dataset that you can use to test the Flex Evaluation feature: [Sample Dataset](https://collinear.ai/sample_dataset.csv).
