api-reference/endpoint/upload_dataset.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Upload Dataset'
openapi: 'POST /api/v1/dataset/upload'
---


## Parameters

- **file**: The file should be in JSON/CSV Format

- **space_id**: The unique identifier for your space.

- **dataset_name**:  The name of your dataset

If you are creating a new dataset your file must be a JSON **array**. Each row
supports the following keys:

- `conv_prefix`: conversation turns in OpenAI chat format.
- `response`: the assistant turn you want to store.
- `ground_truth`: **integer labels only** (for example `1` for correct,
  `0` for incorrect). Sending strings will raise `400 Bad Request` with the
  message `invalid input for query argument`.
- `context`: optional metadata string.

Example payload:

```
[
  {
    "conv_prefix": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hey how are you?"}],
    "response": {"role": "assistant", "content": "I'm good, how are you?"},
    "ground_truth": 1,
    "context": "greeting"
  },
  {
    "conv_prefix": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hey how are you?"}],
    "response": {"role": "assistant", "content": "I'm bad, how are you?"},
    "ground_truth": 0,
    "context": "follow_up"
  }
]
```

### Response shape

Staging currently streams the uploaded rows back in the body instead of the
`{ "dataset_id": ..., "message": ... }` object documented in the OpenAPI
schema. Each array element will include an auto-generated `id` that you can use
with the judge endpoints.

Commit message:

Add new API endpoints and update documentation
- Create `assess.mdx`, `dataset_upload_platform.mdx`, `judge_create_sdk.mdx`, `synth_data_generate.mdx`
- Update `judge_conversation.mdx` and `upload_dataset.mdx` with current deployment notes
- Modify `mint.json` to organize API reference pages into new groups: Assessments, Datasets, Judges, Synthetic Data

api-reference/endpoint/upload_dataset.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Upload Dataset'
openapi: 'POST /api/v1/dataset/upload'
---

Use this endpoint to create or append datasets that appear under **Datasets** in
the platform. It accepts JSON/CSV files and is the standard ingestion method
outside the Assess pipeline.


## Parameters

- **file**: The file should be in JSON/CSV Format

- **space_id**: The unique identifier for your space.

- **dataset_name**:  The name of your dataset

If you are creating a new dataset your file must be a JSON **array**. Each row
supports the following keys:

- `conv_prefix`: conversation turns in OpenAI chat format.
- `response`: the assistant turn you want to store.
- `ground_truth`: **integer labels only** (for example `1` for correct,
  `0` for incorrect). Sending strings will raise `400 Bad Request` with the
  message `invalid input for query argument`.
- `context`: optional metadata string.

Example payload:

```
[
  {
    "conv_prefix": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hey how are you?"}],
    "response": {"role": "assistant", "content": "I'm good, how are you?"},
    "ground_truth": 1,
    "context": "greeting"
  },
  {
    "conv_prefix": [{"role": "user", "content": "Hey how are you?"}],
    "response": {"role": "assistant", "content": "I'm bad, how are you?"},
    "ground_truth": 0,
    "context": "follow_up"
  }
]
```

### Response shape

The current deployment streams the uploaded rows back in the body instead of the
`{ "dataset_id": ..., "message": ... }` object documented in the OpenAPI
schema. Each array element will include an auto-generated `id` that you can use
with the judge endpoints.
