improve/create_curation_run.mdx, before:

---
title: Creating a Data Curation Run
description: Curate high-quality synthetic data with flexibility and precision using the Collinear AI Platform. Learn about amplification, supported models, and quality criteria.
icon: repeat
---

# Creating a Data Curation Run

The **Collinear AI Platform** makes it effortless to create **synthetic datasets** tailored to your exact needs. This guide walks you through setting up a **Data Curation Run** — from selecting generator models to defining quality criteria.

## Interactive Walkthrough

Want to see it in action? Follow this guided demo to create your curation run:

<div style={{position: 'relative', paddingBottom: 'calc(51.66666666666667% + 41px)', height: 0, width: '100%'}}>
    <iframe
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/NEZsAEhEaW4Mc64n0YKG?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
        title="Streamline AI Model Enhancement with Collinear AI"
        frameBorder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write"
        style={{position: 'absolute', top: 0, left: 0, width: '100%', height: '100%', colorScheme: 'light'}}
    />
</div>

---

## What is Synthetic Curation?

**Synthetic curation** is the process of automatically generating diverse, high-quality examples to power model training, evaluation, or fine-tuning. With Collinear AI, you can amplify your dataset while maintaining control over quality, diversity, and relevance.

Key features:

- **Scale fast**: Generate hundreds to thousands of samples with minimal effort.
- **Maintain precision**: Define exactly what quality looks like for your use case.
- **Stay flexible**: Customize generation settings and quality filters.

---

## Amplification Factor

The **Amplification Factor** determines how much you expand your data:

- **Higher amplification** → More synthetic samples per input.
- **Lower amplification** → Fewer, more targeted samples.

This setting allows you to balance **quantity** and **curation precision** based on your project's needs.

---

## Supported Generator Models

Collinear AI supports the most powerful and versatile models for synthetic data generation:

- **GPT-4o** — OpenAI’s flagship model, excelling at reasoning, creativity, and instruction-following.
- **LLaMA 70B** — Optimized for balanced performance and efficiency.
- **LLaMA 405B** — Massive-scale model offering unparalleled depth and nuance.
- **Qwen 72B** — Strong multilingual and instruction-following capabilities, ideal for diverse domains.

Select the model that best matches your **data complexity**, **domain**, and **scale** requirements.

---

## Curation Quality Criteria

To ensure every piece of generated data meets high standards, Collinear AI allows you to curate outputs based on these key dimensions:

- **Correctness**: How accurately outputs match desired criteria and ground truth examples.
- **Naturalness**: How well outputs mimic real-world language patterns and tone.
- **Diversity**: The range and uniqueness of generated variations, ensuring broad coverage.
- **Coherence**: Logical and semantic flow throughout the output.
- **Instruction Following**: Adherence to the specified prompts and task instructions.
- **Quality of Reasoning**: Depth, logic, and coherence in the explanations and conclusions.

You can apply one or multiple curation filters to align the dataset with your specific needs.

---

## Best Practices for Successful Curation Runs

- **Mix Quality Filters**: Combine multiple curation criteria for a balanced dataset.
- **Tune Amplification**: Start small and adjust amplification as you analyze generation patterns.
- **Spot-Check Outputs**: Always manually review a subset of samples to validate automatic curation.

Following these steps ensures you achieve **high-quality**, **task-aligned**, and **scalable** synthetic datasets every time.

---

## Next Steps

Ready to start? Head to your workspace and **create your first curation run** today\!

Commit message:

Revamp docs navigation and API reference content
- drop unused Agents docs and stale endpoint pages, keeping only platform + SDK references
- relocate SDK guides into api-reference/, add index landing page, and refresh navigation links
- update get-started content (quickstart, simulations, platform access) plus reword “curate” → “improve” across intro and improvement guide

improve/create_curation_run.mdx, after:

---
title: Creating a Data Improvement Run
description: Improve high-quality synthetic data with flexibility and precision using the Collinear AI Platform. Learn about amplification, supported models, and quality criteria.
icon: repeat
---

# Creating a Data Improvement Run

The **Collinear AI Platform** makes it effortless to create **synthetic datasets** tailored to your exact needs. This guide walks you through setting up a **Data Improvement Run** — from selecting generator models to defining quality criteria.

## Interactive Walkthrough

Want to see it in action? Follow this guided demo to create your improvement run:

<div style={{position: 'relative', paddingBottom: 'calc(51.66666666666667% + 41px)', height: 0, width: '100%'}}>
    <iframe
        src="https://demo.arcade.software/NEZsAEhEaW4Mc64n0YKG?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
        title="Streamline AI Model Enhancement with Collinear AI"
        frameBorder="0"
        loading="lazy"
        allowFullScreen
        allow="clipboard-write"
        style={{position: 'absolute', top: 0, left: 0, width: '100%', height: '100%', colorScheme: 'light'}}
    />
</div>

---

## What is Synthetic Improvement?

**Synthetic improvement** is the process of automatically generating diverse, high-quality examples to power model training, evaluation, or fine-tuning. With Collinear AI, you can amplify your dataset while maintaining control over quality, diversity, and relevance.

Key features:

- **Scale fast**: Generate hundreds to thousands of samples with minimal effort.
- **Maintain precision**: Define exactly what quality looks like for your use case.
- **Stay flexible**: Customize generation settings and quality filters.

---

## Amplification Factor

The **Amplification Factor** determines how much you expand your data:

- **Higher amplification** → More synthetic samples per input.
- **Lower amplification** → Fewer, more targeted samples.

This setting allows you to balance **quantity** and **improvement precision** based on your project's needs.

---

## Supported Generator Models

Collinear AI supports the most powerful and versatile models for synthetic data generation:

- **GPT-4o** — OpenAI’s flagship model, excelling at reasoning, creativity, and instruction-following.
- **LLaMA 70B** — Optimized for balanced performance and efficiency.
- **LLaMA 405B** — Massive-scale model offering unparalleled depth and nuance.
- **Qwen 72B** — Strong multilingual and instruction-following capabilities, ideal for diverse domains.

Select the model that best matches your **data complexity**, **domain**, and **scale** requirements.

---

## Improvement Quality Criteria

To ensure every piece of generated data meets high standards, Collinear AI allows you to filter outputs based on these key dimensions:

- **Correctness**: How accurately outputs match desired criteria and ground truth examples.
- **Naturalness**: How well outputs mimic real-world language patterns and tone.
- **Diversity**: The range and uniqueness of generated variations, ensuring broad coverage.
- **Coherence**: Logical and semantic flow throughout the output.
- **Instruction Following**: Adherence to the specified prompts and task instructions.
- **Quality of Reasoning**: Depth, logic, and coherence in the explanations and conclusions.

You can apply one or multiple improvement filters to align the dataset with your specific needs.

---

## Best Practices for Successful Improvement Runs

- **Mix Quality Filters**: Combine multiple improvement criteria for a balanced dataset.
- **Tune Amplification**: Start small and adjust amplification as you analyze generation patterns.
- **Spot-Check Outputs**: Always manually review a subset of samples to validate automatic improvement.

Following these steps ensures you achieve **high-quality**, **task-aligned**, and **scalable** synthetic datasets every time.

---

## Next Steps

Ready to start? Head to your workspace and **create your first improvement run** today\!
